Update repo/docs branding in line with new website (#4373)
microsoft/CCF: doc/overview/what_is_ccf.rst

CCF in a Hundred Words
----------------------

> The `Confidential Consortium Framework (CCF) <https://ccf.microsoft.com/>`_ is an open-source framework for building a new category of secure, highly-available, and performant applications that focus on multi-party compute and data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Confidential Consortium Framework (CCF) <https://ccf.dev/>`_ is an open-source framework for building a new category of secure, highly-available, and performant applications that focus on multi-party compute and data.
```

Author: `ccf.dev` automatically redirects to `ccf.microsoft.com` so it feels more natural to refer to the final URL instead?

Reviewer: It does now, but that's an implementation detail. The person who did the website also suggested it was better for SEO to use ccf.dev.
